<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>
<article lang="&language;">
<title>Documentation not Found</title>
<articleinfo>
<authorgroup>
<author><firstname>Jack</firstname>
<surname>Ostroff</surname>
<affiliation>
<address><email>ostroffjh@users.sourceforge.net</email></address>
</affiliation>
</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2010-09-21</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.5</releaseinfo>

</articleinfo>

<para>The requested documentation was not found on your computer.
Normally, &kde; looks for application handbooks in a location that depends  
on how &kde; was installed on your computer. There are a number of  
possible reasons why it could not find the documentation you  
requested. The document might not exist, or it may not have been  
installed along with the application.</para>

<para>How to solve this issue:</para>

<para>Start by searching the <ulink url="http://docs.kde.org/">KDE  
Documentation site</ulink> for the requested documentation. If you find  
the documentation on that site, your distribution might ship a separate  
package for documentation (&eg;  called kdepim-doc for all applications  
from the kdepim module, like &kmail;, &kontact;, &etc;). Please use the  
package manager of your distribution to find and install the missing  
documentation.</para>

<para>If you use a source based distribution, such as Gentoo, be sure that  
there are not any configuration settings (USE flags in Gentoo) that  
might have disabled the installation of the documentation.
</para>

<para>If you have done that, but still get this page displayed instead of the  
application handbook, you probably found a bug in the &kde; help  
system.  In this case, please report this on the <ulink  
url="http://bugs.kde.org/">KDE Bug Tracker</ulink>.
</para>

<para>If you do not find any documentation on the <ulink  
url="http://docs.kde.org/">KDE Documentation site</ulink>, the  
application may not have offline documentation.  Please report this on  
the <ulink url="http://bugs.kde.org/">KDE Bug Tracker</ulink>.
</para>

<para>In case the application does not have offline documentation, you should  
use the online resources <ulink  
url="http://userbase.kde.org/">UserBase Documentation</ulink> and  
<ulink url="http://forum.kde.org/">KDE Community Forums</ulink> to get  
help.
</para>

</article>