<sect2 id="socks">
<sect2info>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Lauri.Watts;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>
</sect2info>

<title>SOCKS</title>

<para>SOCKS is a protocol to execute proxy requests for a client.  SOCKS
is capable of authentication and encryption of traffic, and is often
found in corporate settings, as opposed to home users.  For more
information about SOCKS, see the <ulink
url="http://www.socks.nec.com">NEC</ulink> website</para>

<para>With this module you can enable most of the network aware &kde;
applications to transparently use SOCKS.</para>

<para>Setting up of a SOCKS client is outside the scope of this
document, and the differences between the commonly used ones are very
large.  If you already have a working SOCKS implementation, allowing you
to use commandline clients (for example, if <command>lynx</command> or
<command>ftp</command> are already working) then you can simply check
the <guilabel>Enable SOCKS support</guilabel> checkbox.</para>

<para>When this box is checked, several further options become available
to you.</para>

<para>First, you should select which of the various SOCKS clients you
have installed on your computer.  &kde; will attempt to find this out by
itself, if you choose <guilabel>Auto detect</guilabel>.  If you know the
client you have, you could choose either <guilabel>NEC
Socks</guilabel> or <guilabel>Dante</guilabel>.  If you have a
custom built SOCKS library to use, you can select <guilabel>Use custom
library</guilabel> and then enter the path to it in the
<guilabel>Path</guilabel> field.</para>

<para>If you want &kde; to auto detect the SOCKS library in use, but you
suspect it isn't looking in the right places or you have installed it in
a non-standard location, then you can add further paths to be searched in
the bottom of this panel.  Use the <guibutton>Add</guibutton> and
<guibutton>Remove</guibutton> to add or remove paths.</para>

<para>At any time while filling in this module, you can press the
<guibutton>Test</guibutton> button, and &kde; will report immediately
with a message box to tell you if it could find and initialize SOCKS or
not.</para>

<para>Changes made here will not affect any applications that are
already open.  You will need to close and restart them before they are
able to connect via SOCKS.</para>

<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

</sect2>
